---
layout: et_pb_layout
status: publish
published: true
title: FAQ Page
author:
  display_name: exekias
  login: exekias
  email: exekias@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: exekias
author_email: exekias@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 19
wordpress_url: http://exekias.me/?post_type=et_pb_layout&p=19
date: !binary |-
  MjAxNC0wMS0xNyAwMTozODozMiArMDEwMA==
date_gmt: !binary |-
  MjAxNC0wMS0xNyAwMTozODozMiArMDEwMA==
categories: []
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>
[et_pb_section background_color="#6aceb6" inner_shadow="on" fullwidth="on"]<br />
[et_pb_fullwidth_header title="Frequently Asked Questions" subhead="Before contacting us, please browse our FAQ." background_layout="dark"][&#47;et_pb_fullwidth_header]<br />
[&#47;et_pb_section]</p>
<p>[et_pb_section]<br />
[et_pb_row]<br />
[et_pb_column type="4_4"]<br />
[et_pb_toggle title="Can I use the themes on multiple sites?"]<br />
Yes, you are free to use our themes on as many websites as you like. We do not place any restrictions on how many times you can download or use a theme, nor do we limit the number of domains that you can install our themes to.<br />
[&#47;et_pb_toggle]<br />
[et_pb_toggle open="on" title="What is your refund policy?"]<br />
We offer no-questions-asked refunds to all customers within 30 days of your purchase. If you are not satisfied with our product, then simply send us an email and we will refund your purchase right away. Our goal has always been to create a happy, thriving community. If you are not thrilled with the product or are not enjoying the experience, then we have no interest in forcing you to stay an unhappy member.<br />
[&#47;et_pb_toggle]<br />
[et_pb_toggle title="What are Photoshop Files?"]<br />
Elegant Themes offers two different packages: Personal and Developer. The Personal Subscription is ideal for the average user while the Developers License is meant for experienced designers who wish to customize their themes using the original Photoshop files. Photoshop files are the original design files that were used to create the theme. They can be opened using Adobe Photoshop and edited, and prove very useful for customers wishing to change their theme's design in some way.<br />
[&#47;et_pb_toggle]<br />
[et_pb_toggle title="Can I upgrade after signing up?"]<br />
Yes, you can upgrade at any time after signing up. When you log in as a "personal" subscriber, you will see a notice regarding your current package and instructions on how to upgrade.<br />
[&#47;et_pb_toggle]<br />
[et_pb_toggle title="Can I use your themes with WP.com?"]<br />
Unfortunately WordPress.com does not allow the use of custom themes. If you would like to use a custom theme of any kind, you will need to purchase your own hosting account and install the free software from WordPress.org. If you are looking for great WordPress hosting, we recommend giving HostGator a try.[&#47;et_pb_toggle]<br />
[&#47;et_pb_column]<br />
[&#47;et_pb_row]<br />
[&#47;et_pb_section]</p>
